How many patients live in Amsterdam?
Can you please outline to me how many individuals with a medical condition are currently registered in Amsterdam?
Can you please tell me how many patients are dead in total?
How many patients are deceased?
Please provide me with an overview of all the umbrella organizations that exist.
Can you please provide me with an overview of all the existing umbrella organizations?
How many treatments are still pending?
I would like to know how many unfinished treatments are currently pending?
I would like to have an overview of all potential care pathways
Please provide an overview of all potential pathways for care delivery
What insurance companies were added in 2006?
Which insurance companies were added in 2006?
How many care pathways have the name 'Care Pathway 1'?
How many care pathways are named 'Care Pathway 1'?
Please provide me with all care pathway IDs in alphabetical order by name, descending.
May I request that you provide me with all care pathway identification numbers in a descending order, sorted by name?
Can you provide me with a list of resources currently in use?
Give me all the active resources
Give me the names of the patient groups
Could you provide me the list of patient groups?
Please provide me with all appointments for the past year
Please provide me with a list of all appointments that have taken place during the past calendar year.
Which clients choose to receive a text message in advance?
Which clients prefer to receive a text message in advance?
Which clients are deleted from the database?
Which clients have been deleted from the database?
What are the different types of appointments?
Please provide me with information regarding the various categories of appointments.
Show me all text messages sent.
Please provide me with a view of all text messages sent
Please show me the treatments that are closed.
Please show me all closed treatments.
Show me the additional insurances.
Please show me all additional insurances.
Provide me with the start date of all treatments.
Please provide me with the start date of each treatment.
Show me all care pathways, sorted by start date.
Provide all care pathways sorted by start date
Retrieve the IDs of all participants.
Provide me with the identification numbers of all participants.
How long does a medication call usually take?
How long does a medication call take normaly?
Please provide me with the ids of the product instances where the cost is 500 Euros
Please provide me with the identification numbers of the product instances where the cost is equal to five hundred Euros.
Please provide me with all the treatments started in 2020
Please show me all the treatments started in the year two thousand and twenty.
What packages are there?
Can you provide me with an overview of the different packages?
What type of referral organizations are there?
Can you provide me with information on the various types of referral organizations?
Give me all patient groups sorted by start date
Show me all patient groups sorted by start date.
Please give me the number of zpm consultations that have the type 'individual'
How many individual zpm consultations are there
Please show me the zpm consultations that started in the morning.
Please show me the healthcare model consultations that started in the morning.
I want the data of female staff older than 50.
Please provide me with the data of female staff who are over the age of 50.
I want to know all the clinics in Utrecht
Please provide me with a comprehensive list of all the medical facilities located in Utrecht
How often is tinnitus reported?
To what extent has tinnitus been reported in the database?
Show me a list of all patients from abroad.
Provide me with a list of all foreign patients.
I want an overview by function of how many employees are employed.
I want to know how many employees by function.
Please show me the phone numbers of patients named 'Meis' in care pathway 'Care Pathway 2'.
Please give me the phone numbers of patients named 'Meis', who have a care pathway named 'Care Pathway 2'.
Please give me the email address of all patients who live on Canal Street who are over 60 years old.
Could you provide me with the email addresses of patients who are over sixty years old and have their residential address on Canal Street?
Please provide me with the clients for whom the email address has not yet been entered
Which clients are missing the email address?
What is the ratio of men to women in my institution?
Can you inform me regarding the gender distribution within my current institutional setting?
Which patients do we know the bsn number, but not what type of identity identification is?,
Which patients have a BSN number, but whose identification type we do not know?
Please provide me with a list of all appointments on May 6, 2020 by noon.
Can you please provide me with a list of all scheduled appointments on the morning of May 6, 2020, before noon?
How many people have insurance?
How many clients are insured?
Please provide me with a list of the policy numbers of clients where the insurance check was done for 2019.
Can I receive a list of the policy numbers of patients where the insurance check was done before the year 2019
What is the average age of my patient population and how many patients do I have in total?
Can you provide me with the average age of my patient population as well as the total number of patients in my care facility?
Please provide me with a list of patients and their care pathways in which a care pathway has been cancelled.
Please provide me with a list of patients and their respective care pathways in which a care pathway has been cancelled
Please show me all cancellations where the reason was illness
Please show me all cancellations where the motivation was illness
Please show me the total number of the various coverage types, with the most declined at the top.
Please provide me with an overview of the numbers of the various coverage categories, arranged by frequency of occurrence in descending order.
Please show me all types of appointments that last longer than 30 minutes, except evaluations.
Please show me the various types of appointments that have a duration of more than half an hour, excluding evaluations.
Please provide me with all caregivers and show if they are still employed at their practice
Please provide me with a list of all caregivers and indicate if they are currently still active at their practice.
Provide me with the first and last names of clients who live in Amsterdam and are female
I would like the names of female clients who currently reside in Amsterdam.
Provide me with the number of appointments per clinic per year sorted by year
Provide me with the numbers of appointments per clinic, sorted by year of appointment.
Retrieve the messages of all textmessages that contain 'bas'
Obtain the messages of all text messages in which the term 'bas' is present.
Retrieve all email addresses in which 'gmail' is present.
Collect the email addresses in which the domain 'gmail' is included.
Provide me with the names and account names of employees that have been deactivated, along with the date it was deactivated.
Show me the names and account names of inactive employees, along with the deactivation date.
Provide me with all health care providers, their practice names, and show if they are still employed at their practice.
Provide me with a listing of health care providers with their respective practice names, and show if they are still active at their practice.
By clinic type, how many clinics are there?
How many institutions are registered by clinic type?
What is the role of Hannah Hendriks and what is her contact email address?
What role does user Hannah Hendriks have within the organization and at what email address can I reach her?
Please provide me with the names of all patients along with the date of their initial appointment with us
Please show me the names of all clients and the date of their initial consultation with our organization
Please provide me with the email address of Tom Winter
Please provide me with the email address of the individual named Tom Winter.
What care pathways does Jelle Belfor currently have?
What care pathways is Jelle Belfor currently following?
What is the number of patients with supplemental insurance?
How many patients have supplemental insurance?
Please give me an overview of the 5 most common treatments
What are the five most common treatments?
What appointments has client Niels Jong had?
Can you please inform me of the appointments that client Niels Jong has had?
Please give me an overview of the treatments that client 39 has had.
Would you be so kind as to provide me with a listing of the treatments received by client 39?
Please show me the first 250 treatments and care pathways, including their IDs.
Show all treatments and care pathway IDs, limited to the first 250 results.
Please provide me with each patient's initial appointment
Show me each individual patient's initial appointment.
I would like a summary of how many patients there are by age group '<25', '25-49', '50-74', and '>74'
Provide me with a listing of the number of patients grouped by age categories '<25', '25-49', '50-74', and '>74'
How many patients were registered per month over the past year?
I would like a detailed representation of the number of patients registered monthly during the past year.
Please provide me with all of Liesbeth Bruijn's appointments during 2018.
Please provide me with a listing of all of Liesbeth Bruijn's appointments during the year 2018.
Which umbrella organization do the insured clients belong to?
Which umbrella organization serves the insured clients?
Give me a list of patients and their treatments that have not yet been performed. Sort the overview by last name.
Please provide me with an overview of patients and their treatments that have not yet been performed, sorted by last name.
Please provide me with all treatments regarding patient 3 that were performed after 2015.
Please provide me with an overview of treatments performed regarding patient 3 that occurred after the year 2015.
Provide me with all appointments made in 2023 at the patient's home, with the latest updated appointment at the top.
Provide me with a list of appointments scheduled in 2023 at the patient's home, sorted by the most recently updated appointment, with the newest one at the top.
Provide me with the start dates of all Hanna Donkelaar's care pathways, oldest at the top.
Provide me with the start dates of Hanna Donkelaar's various care pathways, with the oldest created care pathways presented first.
Provide me the start date and end date of the most recently started care pathway of Stefanie Van Norden
Provide me the start and end date of the most recently started care pathway of Stefanie Van Norden
What is the reference type of patient Theo Loon?
Please provide me with the reference type of patient Theo Loon?
Please provide me with the names and emails of both patients and staff.
Please provide me with the first name, last name and email addresses of both patients and staff.
Does patient Martin Veen have any privacy concerns?
Does patient Martin Veen have privacy concerns?
Retrieve the names of the initial 666 mental health clinics, sorted by phone number.
Provide the names of the initial 666 mental health clinics, sorted by phone number.
Retrieve the AGB codes of the initial two hundred uzovi companies, sorted by the AGB code.
Provide the AGB codes of the initial two hundred uzovi companies, sorted by AGB code.
Provide me with the place of residence and year of entry date of clients who have not been removed and do not have an email address
Show me the place of residence and year of entry of non-removed clients with no registered email address
Show me per client the number of active forms that have not been removed, and the number of unique practitioners who have created these forms.
Show me per client the number of un-deleted, active forms and the number of associated unique practitioners who created the form.
Show me all open and closed treatments for basic mental health care
Show me the treatments in basic mental health care, only ongoing and completed.
How many tasks has Mr. Floris Gruijters completed?
How many activities has Mr. Floris Gruijters completed?
Show me all the care pathway names after 2020, and count how many there are of each care pathway, sorted in alphabetical order.
Show me the care pathway names started after 2020, and give the number of each care pathway, sorted in alphabetical order.
Show me how many insurances each umbrella organization has.
How many insurances does each umbrella organization contain?